Journal.txt

Last edited: Sun 2020.06.07.1518h -- Danny Quah
Created:     Sun 2020.06.07.1518h -- Danny Quah

Pensions
LSE Pensions // Carrick? Jarryd Jacklin jarryd.jacklin@carrickis.com +44 2031 399 013
 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTRTF85ozZM 
http://youtu.be/CTRTF85ozZM
 
Mapping
http://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/gpw-v3-national-identifier-grid/data-download - Data download, at LSE
 
Book / Economic statement
    • Ted Hopf polhtg@nus.edu.sg / Athens
    • TH / Robert Cox, 1st 10 pages
 
Corr
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/18/world/asia/malaysia-prime-minister-najib-razak-mahathir-mohamad.html
http://erikmeyersson.com/2015/06/18/which-country-has-the-most-illiberal-democracy-in-the-world/
 
http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/order-from-chaos/posts/2015/03/17-joining-the-club-aiib-pollack
http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/future-development/posts/2015/03/27-china-singapore-kharas
 
http://thediplomat.com/2016/04/does-china-really-have-a-strategic-vision-for-the-world/
 
http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/12/04/5-myths-about-chinese-investment-in-africa/
Bill Bishop Sinocism
http://www.thechinastory.org/about-the-china-story/
 
() NYT. 2018. “Discarding conventions of the US Presidency” (03 Jan)
 
https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/05/26/no-time
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/dec/28/uks-poorest-to-fare-worst-in-age-of-automation-thinktank-warns
 
 
 
http://www.wsj.com/articles/xi-jinpings-trump-moment-1477056486
Gungwu Wang and Yongnian Zheng, China and the New International Order, (London, UK:
Routledge, 2008)
Naazeen Barma and Ely Ratner, “China’s Illiberal Challenge,” Democracy, 2 (2006)
David Held 2010 Cosmopolitanism: Ideals and Realities
Stefan Halper, The Beijing Consensus: Legitimizing Authoritarianism in Our Time, (New
York, NY: Basic Books, 2012)
Jurgen Habermas 2000 The Postnational Constellation: Political Essays. Cambridge MA: The MIT Press
Dani Rodrik 2012. The Globalization Paradox: Democracy and the Future of the World Economy
Kenneth Waltz. 1979. Theory of International Politics, Long Grove: Waveland Press
Abrahamsson, H. (2008). Understanding World Order, Continuity and Change – Security, Development and Justice in the Global Era. China - Nordic Peace Research Conference (pp. 1-40). Beijing: School of Global Studies.
Tragedy of Great Power Politics. http://www.drmalikcikk.atw.hu/wp_readings/mearsheimer.pdf.
Mearsheimer. 1995.
David Held and Kyle McNally, “Gold plated populism: Trump and the end of the liberal
order,” Open Democracy, November 12, 2016
Andrew J. Williams, Failed Imagination?: New World Orders of the Twentieth Century,
(Manchester: Manchester University Press, 1998)
Michael A. Peters, “Challenges to the ‘World Order’ of Liberal Internationalism: What Can We
Learn?”, Educational Philosophy and Theory, 48:9 (2016): pp. 863-871
Liberalism 1.0 -> 3.0: characteristics (G J Ikenberry)
Axelrod and Keohane, 1985.
Kissinger, World Order
Amitav Acharya, 2014. The End of American World Order.
 
Ikenberry, Liberal Internationalism 3.0
 
Ang, Yuenyuen. 2017. "Warfare not likely but US-China trade tensions will rise", Straits Times (04 April)
Allison, Graham. 2017. "Flashpoints that could ignite a US-China War", Straits Times (04 April)
https://www.chathamhouse.org/file/china-and-future-international-legal-order# - Bill Hayton, Kerry Brown, K , Chatham House 17 May 2017
http://www.globalpolicyjournal.com/blog/28/02/2017/finding-alternative-world-order
https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/03/06/how-not-to-fix-the-liberal-world-order/
Choi-A-2003-Power-Democratic-Cooperation-IS
Hasenclever-A-Mayer-P-Rittberger-V-2000.01-Integrating-Theories-International-Regimes-RIS
Snidal-D-1985.12-Coordination-Prisoners-Dilemma-Implications-International-Cooperation-APSR
Eichengreen-B-1998-How-IR-Look-From-Economics-IO
 
Norrlof-C-Reich-S-2015-American-Chinese-Leadership-IASR  
 
 
 
Via Dan Willett https://www.adb.org/sites/default/files/publication/227496/special-report-infrastructure.pdf
 
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/12/05/world/europe/populism-in-age-of-trump.html
 
 
 
Technical
22 January 2015
11:57
 
R / Growth challenge
R/ Trends+cycles 
R/ Clusters
Where Humans Live https://twitter.com/GoogleFacts/status/517975889339248640/photo/1

