Nexts

**MAP** 
Teaching Philosophy
1. Need be an active producer in just one or two areas, but must be a discriminating consumer in all fields that they will come into contact with.


**Inequality** 
- Up to Git Repo 
- Redo with plyr
- Correlations

- Jin Peiyi // GDELT 
    - Gentzkow, M.++ 2019. Text as Data. JEL 57(3): 535-574
- China Panel // Geopolitics, US-China, and IHLs // continue in NUS-China-US-Expert-Panel-2020.06.md 
    - NOC. Portfolio investment. Foreign students (not so much for undergraduates but for postgraduate students China is quite important).
- Ludger Schuknect OECD
- Quah-D-2019.07-Thucydides-Fallacy-New-Model-Power-Relations-The-Diplomat.md created, now need to clean and extract phrasing in World-Order-2017.10

- Dataenq `plyr` // https://www.dataenq.com/2020/08/data-manipulation-in-r-using-data-frame.html 
- kaggle competition // https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic/discussion/28323

Em 

GitHub
- Inequality up in Repo
- Correlation 

- Hiring plan for Jennifer and KK
  - RE: LKYSPP faculty hiring / no action yet necessarily, but going forwards #dqWR-9387733 13/7/20, 10:14 pm, SK
- Youtube Gary King Quantitative Social Science Methods, I (Harvard Gov2001)
- https://nus-covaid.com/academics-on-pandemics 
- SF2 like MOOC

- FAR
- World-Order-2017.10//Individual actions and social consequences to Brandon Yoder
- Chivy Li Academic-Practitioner Integration
- SF2
- Ben Morton Wright Philanthropy event

- 
() MAP, FAR
CHRS // Other Systems // MAP My Academic Plan https://wws.nus.edu.sg/MAP/Portfolio/Main 
- Profile
  - Other Biodata
  - (Name of PhD supervisor and thesis committee members) Essays in Dynamic Macroeconometrics / Thomas J. Sargent; Mark Watson; James Stock
  - (Brief description of PhD or Post-doc research areas) Timeseries Econometrics. Economic Growth. Income Inequality. International Economic Relations
- Education
  - (Teaching Philosophy) I seek to have all students and teacher reach the right balance of difficult, rigorous analytical thinking, on the one hand, and quick muscle-memory type understanding, on the other. In my thinking, muscle-memory understanding is the "presence of mind" factor in discussions and conversations with others who are similarly expert as well as skeptics or simply those generally interested, whether they are policy-makers or academics in cognate areas. Without the rigorous, analytical thinking, interlocutors cannot work out appropriate analysis in new and novel situations. Without the muscle-memory understanding, important issues can often end up treated the wrong way, because sometimes the student or teacher only has one shot at getting the argument right and convincing. 
  Second, teaching needs to be clear on who among the class participants seeks to be expert producer in what subjects, and who among them seeks only to be discriminating consumer.


- Student recruitment message



***

Quah-Danny-COVID-19-Tradeoffs-Analytical-Resources-2020.08
- Unemployment data cross-match
- ISO Country cross-reference
- One graph: Deaths per mn vs Unemployment // GDP growth
- GitHub Pages home; COVID-19-Policies


Inequality
- Data to Cloud
- New Data
- Systematise old calculations in tidyverse
- GDELT

Huawei Cloud sign-up // Charles Cheng Hao





Hinrich Foundation - De-Risking US-China via Berenice Voets

Talking Philanthropy
- Calibrate notes
- Contact DVO, EAM, Naniek re planning and establishing contact

Grant extension




ESM email re EESF from SFL
https://voxeu.org/article/inequality-what-has-happened-why-care-and-what-can-be-done

Unit Trusts \$200k in each of Fidelty and Targ (as recommended by OCBC / Michelle Li, but OCBC will charge 3% commission)

Merge Writings/0-Notes/[0-Collections, 0-Pages]



https://www.reddit.com/r/datasets/comments/gyfbb0/protests_engaging_35_of_a_population_rarely_fail/
https://towardsdatascience.com/stack-overflow-future-trends-predicting-with-arima-and-bigquery-77d330833329
https://www.reddit.com/r/vim/comments/hqefk3/text_reflow_in_vim/


US-China Expert Panel

- Model after CEIP commission work?
- S8

- Jason Cowley // New Statesman comparison
- Ramesh // Giliberto Capano, Michael Howlett, Darryl S.L. Jarvis, M. Ramesh & Nihit Goyal (2020) Mobilizing Policy (In)Capacity to Fight COVID-19: Understanding Variations in State Responses, Policy and Society, DOI: 10.1080/14494035.2020.1787628


## Global awareness; self-interested behaviour

Sometimes when I explain the degree of success I see around me in Contact Tracing, Quarantine, and Testing, the follow-up question is, But do Asians find it easier to accept all these restrictions because, you know, you're less "individual rights-oriented as a people".

individual behaviour a


Lim, Sun Sun. 2020. "COVID-19 and Big Data: Tackling Disease in a Digitalised World", COV-AID (09 Aug) https://nus-covaid.com/academics-on-pandemics/covid-19-and-big-data-tackling-disease-in-a-digitalised-world-by-sun-sun-lim

___ 

FB // Foreign Workers
- 200 years ago
- Luddites
IPS Insights

New dorms with ‘better standards’ to be built for 100,000 foreign workers in coming years: Lawrence Wong. Today Online (01 June 2020)
https://www.todayonline.com/singapore/new-dorms-better-standards-be-built-100000-foreign-workers-coming-years-lawrence-wong

The Big Read: Solving S’pore’s foreign workers problem requires serious soul searching, from top to bottom. Today Online (09 May 2020)
https://www.todayonline.com/big-read/big-read-solving-spores-foreign-workers-problem-requires-serious-soul-searching-top-bottom 

Associate Professor Kenneth Paul Tan, from the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, said he hopes the review on dormitories, when it comes, will take in diverse voices from civil society in policy discussions.
“And I hope, most of all, that we have deeper discussions with a view to minimising our dependency on low-waged migrant workers, investing in productivity-enhancing technology, redesigning essential jobs to overcome unnecessary stigma, and designing more generous social safety nets for the many who will have difficulty integrating into a new and more resilient economic society.”


Singapore has to reduce reliance on low-wage foreign workers but will always need them: Chan Chun Sing. Today Online (30 May 2020)
https://www.todayonline.com/singapore/spore-has-reduce-reliance-low-wage-foreign-workers-will-always-need-them-chan-chun-sing
"The explosion of Covid-19 cases in foreign worker dormitories has sparked calls by some for Singapore to reduce its population of migrant workers.
But business leaders have [hit back at such calls](https://www.todayonline.com/singapore/industry-associations-hit-back-calls-reduced-reliance-migrant-workers), saying such a move would have a negative impact on the economy.

Industry associations hit back at calls for reduced reliance on migrant workers. Today Online (27 May 2020)
https://www.todayonline.com/singapore/industry-associations-hit-back-calls-reduced-reliance-migrant-workers
"[...] trade and industry associations have criticised the calls for Singapore to reduce its reliance on foreign workers, saying that such a move would have a negative impact on the economy."

"[...] these associations also argued that housing conditions for migrant workers, which have come under fire since the COVID-19 outbreak erupted in the dormitories last month, are among the best in the world."

"The statements come as political observers, policy thinkers and parliamentarians recently called for a rethink of Singapore’s reliance on migrant labour in light of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has infected more than 30,000 dormitory residents as of May 26."

"As of December last year, there were around 737,200 work permit holders who were not domestic workers in Singapore. Around 293,300 of these work permit holders worked in the construction sector, while others took on various jobs in the manufacturing, cleaning, marine, electrical and other technical trades."

1. Singaporeans' unwillingness to take on certain jobs
2. Impact on economic growth and Singapore's competitive edge
3. Impact on cost and standard of living
4. Firms not yet ready to transit away from migrant labour
4. Singapore has good reputation among migrant workers

"Can Singapore rely less on foreign workers? It's not just about dollars and cents, say observers." CNA (09 Jun 2020)

Mallaby, Sebastian. 2020. The Age of Magic Money, Foreign Affairs


() 2020.05.18-Trump-Letter-WHO-Tedros

Feud Over Coronavirus Erupts at World Health Assembly](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/18/health/coronavirus-who-china-trump.html). NYT (18 May) https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/18/health/coronavirus-who-china-trump.html

*China’s president pledged $2 billion to fight the virus, a move the United States criticized as an effort to head off scrutiny of its handling of the pandemic.*

Trump's [tweet](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1262577580718395393) containing letter he sent to WHO's Tedros // saved 2020.05.18-Trump-Letter-WHO-Tedros.pdf

Pien Huang. 2020. "Fact-Checking And Assessing Trump's Letter Of Rebuke To WHO" (20 May) https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2020/05/20/858911395/fact-checking-and-assessing-trumps-letter-of-rebuke-to-who 

Glenn Kessler. 2020. "Fact-checking Trump’s letter blasting the World Health Organization" (20 May) https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/05/20/fact-checking-trumps-letter-blasting-world-health-organization/

"Trump’s May 18 letter to Tedros contains several false or misleading statements. Here’s a sampling, as well as a guide to some of his claims:"

BBC. 2020. "Coronavirus: Trump gives WHO ultimatum over Covid-19 handling" (19 May) https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-52718309

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/05/20/fact-checking-trumps-letter-blasting-world-health-organization/

https://twitter.com/adamkams/status/1263229627389972480 (via Gayle)

On 14 Apr 2020, in the midst of a raging global epidemic, Trump suspended US funding of the World Health Organization (WHO), accusing it of covering up for China's lying.


https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/united-states/2020-05-06/coming-post-covid-anarchy

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-52565080 



https://www.brookings.edu/blog/order-from-chaos/2020/05/14/us-china-rivalry-after-covid-19-clues-and-early-indications-from-southeast-asia/

https://www.chinafile.com/conversation/how-coronavirus-outbreak-affecting-chinas-relations-its-asian-neighbors

Woetzel-J-Seong-J-2019.07-China-and-The-World-MGI


