# Tue 08 Sep 2020 
2020.09.08.0634-36.1C-DQ 
(2020.09.08.0640) Corr
(2020.09.08.0814) Run CW.  KV abs, core // top // 56.1 
2020.09.08  08:14 07.18 '00:42:44 '00:05:57
(2020.09.08.1014) SingPass password change (required after two years)
(2020.09.08.1214) Land Transport Authority https://vrl.lta.gov.sg/elettersSP road tax 
(2020.09.08.1345) MPAM funding renewal application
- Item 4, DPM Heng, not "Hen"; Minister Ong Ye Kung (not "Kang"). More than a dozen cabinet ministers (no "of"). 
- Item 19. I might say, "If anything the strategic objectives have become even more important today, in a world fraught with geostrategic rivalry." in the ending to this paragraph. 
- Item 20. I might say something like, "NUS's funding commitment to the MPAM will have multiplier impact for Singapore and the NUS brand in China. There will be positive spillover impact on other NUS programmes and operations in China, as well as on short-term Chinese executive education programmes across the University." 

2020.09.08.1450-36.2C-DQ 
(2020.09.08.1545) Lunch leftovers from Soup. Netflix // Star Trek TNG S03E17 - Sins of the Father 
(2020.09.08.1807) Vimwiki under W10, OneDrive - link fail
Vimwiki links fail for me when the wiki file is placed in OneDrive under W10. I can't figure out how to fix this but netminds here might well already know. More detailed description follows.

When the sample `index.md` (below) is placed outside of OneDrive (anywhere else in my C:\Users\sppme\) everything works as expected, and exactly as on my Ubuntu systems. 

1. However, when `index.md` is in `myWikiTrial` under OneDrive (referring to my `.vimrc` snippet below) the vimwiki-style link Note activates, i.e., displays itself as an active link, while the markdown link Test keeps its as-coded form and fails to activate. Notice this is even with `myWikiTrial.syntax` set to 'markdown'. 
2. Doing Enter on the Note link fails to create or open `Note.md` in vimwiki, but instead only pops open a new Windows Command window. Note there are no forward or backslashes in the filename.  

My .vimrc snippet below includes `myWikiWork` to check that everything works fine there. The issue is not a Windows one alone, but some interaction between Windows and OneDrive. (So I don't think this is the same issue as https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki/pull/1011) 

Nothing changes in my description of outcomes no matter how the wikis are ordered in `vimwiki_list`. 

Items 1. and 2. are not, in my understanding, part of vimwiki expected behaviour, and are certainly not observed on my Ubuntu machines. Thank you in advance for any suggestions.

(I have tried this on the dev branch as well; again `:VimwikiShowVersion` gives Stable version 2.5.)

```
--- index.md --- 
[[Note.md|Note]]
[Test](Test.md) 
--- end
```
I put this same index.md under both `myWikiWork` and `myWikiTrial` to test.

```
--- the relevant part of my .vimrc --- 
let myWikiWork = {} 
let myWikiWork.path = '~/0/VimWiki/'
let myWikiWork.syntax = 'markdown' 
let myWikiWork.ext = '.md'

let myWikiTrial = {}
let myWikiTrial.path = '~/OneDrive/'
let myWikiTrial.syntax = 'markdown' 
let myWikiTrial.ext = '.md'

let g:vimwiki_list = [myWikiWork, myWikiTrial]
let g:vimwiki_markdown_link_ext = 0 
--- end
```

[Github](https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki/issues/1014)




- [X] Chivy, Beth // ESM report 
- [X] Wu Zhen MPAM letter to Provost, President 
